SPEAKING SECTION
Understanding the Criteria 1
During my teaching process, I observed that many students are not really having a full understanding of the criteria of the SPEAKING SECTION. 
Or even worse, caring too much about criteria and still fail to ACTUALLT SPEAK well.
So, I assume that understanding the criteria may help you become a good Teacher, or a TEST Designer, but not necessarily, a GOOD SPEAKER!!
What I chose to upgrade my course design was to follow a more bolding, yet proved to be a more effective way:
shifting from a TEACHER into a COUNSELER, to guide my students to grow into a self-trainer, a creative learner.
In essense, what I did was to create an environment where STUDENTS are encouraged to APPLY ENGLISH as a real-life language,
rather than something supersereal or something they don't think they'll be using anymore.
Let me mind you, I'm not saying criteria are not important. Instead, it lays the foundation for everyone involved in this game.
However, when we're actually playing the game, say to teach/learn TOEFL, the strategies should be varied and experimented ONLY based on the specific condition,
ESPECIALLY student's own understanding of themselves.
For example, I have received may students from International Bilingual Schools in China, who could speak very fluent English in their daily life as well as in their courses.
Yet, most of them still struggle with TOEFL SPEAKING SECTION in a way that affects their confidence in their excellent English Speaking ability.
So in these cases, I would show them what details that they could improve on while ignoring the rest in order to pull their attention back to the EFFECTIVE PRACTICE it self 
instead of wasting their energy in anxiety.
The individualised advice should always follow the criteria of the test but coordinate with each student's conditions at different stages.
But for most of students who are taking the TOEFL test are putting more energy into their major goals in life,
so an EXPERIENCED language expertise and conselor would be YOUR MOST EFFECTIVE CHOICE, 
other than wasting time in the traditional language agency that costs more and learn more slowly.
I'm Sevana Chan, your TOEFL-ONLINE PRIVATE CONSELOR.
Contact Me: sevanaenglish@163.com
